This explanation isincomplete:This page was created WITHOUT INTERNET ACCESS. Don't remove this notice too soon. If you can fix this issue,edit the page!

In this comic,Randallmocks the recent trend of various appliances, such as stoves and juicers, being connected to the internet even though they don't require an internet connection to function. Adehumidifierremoves moisture from the air. There are no obvious ways to improve dehumidifier operation without changes to its hardware, so it's unclear what benefit being able to receive updates via the internet would confer.Cueball's sarcastic reply underlines the unlikeliness of a situation occurring where an update would be necessary. The implication is that many of these internet-connected devices are examples of over-engineering a solution to do things 'because we can' or because it makes it sound advanced and therefore more desirable to the customer, rather than because it offers any real added value.

Dehumidifierscanprovide information which would be useful to access remotely. For instance, it might be helpful to know the level of water in the storage tank (which must be emptied when full), the percent of time the humidifier is paused for deicing, a log of the humidity level over time, and whether the humidity exceeds a certain limit (which could indicate dehumidifier malfunction, or that the dehumidifier is inadequate to the conditions). A local wireless network connected via WiFi is a reasonable way to send this information to a user or to other local devices.

However, many devices like this now offer, or even require, connections to a special app or to the internet. They typically connect to servers run by the device's manufacturer.  When that server goes away, the devices may stop working.

The title text says that authorized internet access is required to patch remoteexploits(i.e., harmful unauthorized access from the internet). If this is the only use case that requires internet access, it would be much simpler to remove theattack vectorfor remote exploits by not having it connected to the internet in the first place. The most likely source of remote access would probably be the remote updater itself. However, there is proof-of-concept of devices being hacked through acoustic-based or light-based attacks (possibly through hacked speakers or even from outside the house), and a patch could possibly circumvent those attacks.

A related device was previously referred to in3044: Humidifier Review, and the issue of possibly considering online protection of devices that (arguably) should not be so easily exploitable was looked at in463: Voting Machinesand1966: Smart Home Security. Comic1912: Thermostatalso deals with risks of adding computers to appliances.

